Add Salvage game area design document (#561)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/space-station-14/departments/cargo/salvage.md

## Intended Experience
- Hard work is cool work; Salvage feels dangerous and has cool tools to show for it.
- *The* space-facing job; work is conducted on the outer rim of the station, in a hazardous environment.
- Hard work pays off; doing Salvage tasks takes weight off Cargo's shoulders, with a visible positive effect on the department.
- Efficiency feels powerful; moving fast to keep ahead of the resource drain curve is encouraged, while mistakes slow things down. It should feel good to make numbers go up.
- Mutual collaboration with the station; the department provides, and is provided to in return.
- PvE presesence; Salvage gameplay explores the PvE system as part of its gameplay loops. 
- Good for medium-and-up ranges of player experience.

## Responsibilities

> - Salvage is very efficient at providing resources other departments can make use of. While Cargo should be able to function somewhat without Salvage, but if Salvage does its job Cargo can feel free to spend their resources elsewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Salvage is very efficient at providing resources other departments can make use of. While Cargo should be able to function somewhat without Salvage, if Salvage does its job Cargo should feel free to spend their resources elsewhere.
```

- Isolationism.
  - Related to the point above. As a resource generator Salvage will be in a natural position to utilize the resources, and Cargo provides further avenues to get equipment. Salvage should not be able to make efficient use of the materials they have when compared to other jobs.
  - When possible, highjack the desire for progression with complementary systems enable collaborative gameplay. Implement feedback loops that encourage Salvage to collaborate with the station and not constantly hover on the outside.
- Tools and equipment translates to highly effective in PvP.
  - While Salvage may have equipment that lets them handle harsh conditions and PvE elements, this equipment should not become too strong when brought onto the station or if Salvage is attacked by other players.
  - Similarly, Salvagers should not feel the need to use their Cargo connections to get strong PvP-viable weapons to perform their work efficiently. 
- Steamrolling resource generation.

>   - The amount of resources Salvage is able to generate shouldn't so massive as to completely invalidate resource management and regular Cargo gameplay tasks, while poor Salvage performance shouldn't be so debilitating that the rest of the station is unable to function. The range of Salvage's impact should primarily be within Cargo; a great Salvage teams lets Cargo feel like it is flourishing, while a bad/non-existent Salvage team forces Cargo to allocate resources to getting materials via other means.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The amount of resources Salvage is able to generate shouldn't be so massive as to completely invalidate resource management and regular Cargo gameplay tasks. At the same time, poor Salvage performance shouldn't be so debilitating that the rest of the station is unable to function. Salvage's impact should primarily be felt within Cargo; a great Salvage teams lets Cargo feel like it is flourishing, while a bad/non-existent Salvage team forces Cargo to allocate resources to getting materials via other means.
```
